README.md, before:

# Lending Club Case Study
> Repository contains analysis of "Lending Club" online platform which provdies loans to various people. Repository contains step by step analysis of data and represents useful informations which can be used to predict the loan of a good/bad i.e. if a user is likely to default and will not payup the loan


## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
- Repository contains steps required as part of "Exploratory Data Analysis" (EDA) to analyze the data.
- The jypter note book explains the relation ship between different variables and summarized the 
- What is the business probem that your project is trying to solve?
- What is the dataset that is being used?

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->

## Conclusions
- Conclusion 1 from the analysis
- Conclusion 2 from the analysis
- Conclusion 3 from the analysis
- Conclusion 4 from the analysis

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- Python 3.2.1, Panda, Seaborn & Matplot lib
- All the version of softwares were installed as part of Anaconda package, which packages most of the libraries used for Data Science.

<!-- As the libraries versions keep on changing, it is recommended to mention the version of library used in this project -->

## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by upgrad online learning community https://www.upgrad.com/
- This project was based on Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) module from upgrade community


## Contact
Created by [@ps2420] - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->

Commit message:

Updating General Information section of ReadME

README.md, after:

# Lending Club Case Study
> Repository contains analysis of "Lending Club" online platform which provdies loans to various people. Repository contains step by step analysis of data and represents useful informations which can be used to predict the loan of a good/bad i.e. if a user is likely to default and will not payup the loan


## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
- Repository contains steps required as part of "Exploratory Data Analysis" (EDA) to analyze the data.
- The jypter note book explains the relation ship between different variables and summarizes the information in form of amazing graph and brings forward the statistics that can be used to predict the key points 

## Conclusions
- Conclusion 1 from the analysis
- Conclusion 2 from the analysis
- Conclusion 3 from the analysis
- Conclusion 4 from the analysis

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- Python 3.2.1, Panda, Seaborn & Matplot lib
- All the version of softwares were installed as part of Anaconda package, which packages most of the libraries used for Data Science.

<!-- As the libraries versions keep on changing, it is recommended to mention the version of library used in this project -->

## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by upgrad online learning community https://www.upgrad.com/
- This project was based on Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) module from upgrade community


## Contact
Created by [@ps2420] - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->
